import of the vmware_rest documentation (#72090)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_rest_scenarios/vm_info.rst

.. _vmware_rest_vm_info:

***************************************
Retrieve information from a specific VM
***************************************

> .. contents:: Topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. contents::
  :local:

```

Introduction
============

> This guide will show you how to utilize Ansible to retrieve information about a specific Virtual Machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows you how to use Ansible to retrieve information about a specific virtual machine.
```

> Scenario Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenario requirements
```

=====================

You've already followed :ref:`vmware_rest_create_vm` and you've got create a new VM called ``test_vm1``.

> How to collect Virtual Machine information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to collect virtual machine information
```

==========================================

List the VM
___________

> In this examples, we will use the ``vcenter_vm_info`` module to collect information about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use the ``vcenter_vm_info`` module to collect information about our new VM.
```

> our new VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this example, we start by asking for a list of VM. We use a filter to limit the results to just the VM called ``test_vm1``. So we are in a list context, with one single entry in the ``value`` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we start by asking for a list of VMs. We use a filter to limit the results to just the VM called ``test_vm1``. So we are in a list context, with one single entry in the ``value`` key.
```

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/Look_up_the_VM_called_test_vm1_in_the_inventory.task.yaml

Result
______

As expected, we get a list. And thanks to our filter, we just get one entry.

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/Look_up_the_VM_called_test_vm1_in_the_inventory.result.json

Collect the details about a specific VM
_______________________________________

For the next steps, we pass the ID of the VM through the ``vm`` parameter. This allow us to collect more details about this specific VM.

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/Collect_information_about_a_specific_VM.task.yaml

Result
______

> The result is a structure with all the details about or VM. You will note this is actually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The result is a structure with all the details about your VM. This is
```

> The result is a structure with all the details about or VM. You will note this is actually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is a structure with all the details about our VM. You will note this is actually the same information that we get when we created the VM.
```

> the same information that we get when we created the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/Collect_information_about_a_specific_VM.result.json

Get the hardware version of a specific VM
_________________________________________

> We can also use all the ``vcenter_vm_foo_info`` modules to retrieve smaller amount

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can also use all the ``vcenter_vm_*_info`` modules to retrieve a smaller amount
```
